Update local census documentation (#5709)
consuldemocracy/consuldemocracy: docs/en/features/local_census.md

# Local census

This feature is designed for installations with limited resources that cannot configure and customize their census connection remotely, so we offer them a solution to use a local census instead. For this purpose, administrators are provided with a way to manage the local census database through the administration panel under **Settings > Local census**.

> ## Manage local census

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Managing the local census
```

Administrators can manage this census in two different ways:

> * **Manually**: add one by one through a form.

Reviewer: Reading this sentence, I'm not sure what's added one by one :thinking:. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
* **Manually**: adding one citizen at a time through a form.
```

* **Automatically**: through an importation process.

### Manually

> It allows administrators to create a record by clicking the _Create new local census record_ button, which appears in the top right corner, as shown in the following image:

Reviewer: Not sure what "it" refers to :thinking:.

```suggestion
Administrators can create a record by clicking the _Create new local census record_ button, which appears in the top right corner, as shown in the following image:
```

Or:

```suggestion
This feature allows administrators to create a record by clicking the _Create new local census record_ button, which appears in the top right corner, as shown in the following image:
```

![Create a record in the local census button](../../img/local_census/manage-local-census-en.png)

This will take us to a new page where we can fill in the following form and create the new record:

> ![Form to create a record](../../img/local_census/add-local-census-record-en.png)

Reviewer: Since we don't mention the fields present in the form anywhere else, maybe we could write something a bit more descriptive :thinking:.

```suggestion
![Form to create a record by filling in the document type, document number, date of birth and postal code](../../img/local_census/add-local-census-record-en.png)
```

### Automatically

> It allows administrator to import multiple records through a CSV file by clicking the _Import CSV_ button, which appears in the top right corner, as shown in the following image:

Reviewer: Just like before:

```suggestion
Administrators can import multiple records through a CSV file by clicking the _Import CSV_ button, which appears in the top right corner, as shown in the following image:
```

Or:

```suggestion
This feature allows administrator to import multiple records through a CSV file by clicking the _Import CSV_ button, which appears in the top right corner, as shown in the following image:
```

![Import csv button](../../img/local_census/manage-local-census-csv-en.png)

> This will take us to a new page where we can fill in importing the CSV and create the new records:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will take us to a new page where we can attach a CSV file to create the new records:
```

![Page to import new records via csv](../../img/local_census/add-local-census-records-csv-en.png)

## Features

> * Search by document_number: As local_census_records could contain a lot of records we have added a search feature to allow administrators to find existing records by document number.

Reviewer: I think this sentence is missing a comma :thinking:. By the way, is local_census_records written with underscore because it's a table name? If so:

```suggestion
* Search by document number: As the `local_census_records` table could contain a lot of records, we have added a search feature to allow administrators to find existing records by document number.
```
